build: add ESLint rule to enforce empty lines between requires and code (#5327)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/_tools/eslint/rules/jsdoc-example-require-spacing/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# jsdoc-example-require-spacing

> > [ESLint rule][eslint-rules] to enforce empty lines between requires and code in JSDoc examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [ESLint rule][eslint-rules] to enforce empty lines between `require` statements and code in JSDoc examples.
```

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var rule = require( '@stdlib/_tools/eslint/rules/jsdoc-example-require-spacing' );
```

#### rule

> [ESLint rule][eslint-rules] to enforce empty lines between requires and code in JSDoc examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ESLint rule][eslint-rules] to enforce empty lines between `require` statements and code in JSDoc examples.
```
